[CSV Feed] - OneClick deploy (#315)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/usage/import/csv-feed.md

![CSV feed import drawer](../assets/csv-feeds-import.png)

As you see previously, you need to verify your CSV configuration before validating your form. Finally, you need to click on start to launch your new ingester.

> You can select CSV Feed from the XTM Hub by clicking the ```Import from Hub``` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select CSV Feeds from the XTM Hub by clicking the ```Import from Hub``` button
```
